hey guys so today I have another haul
for you this Hall is from cotton on and
I've been doing a little bit more
shopping than usual lately because as
many of you know I have been pregnant
for the last nine ten months so I
haven't really bought many items of
clothing just because you know your size
is ever-changing and then you know
you're going to go back to your normal
size afterwards so I kind of tried to
hold out and then now that I am back to
about my normal size I felt like
updating my wardrobe a little bit i'm
getting rid of a lot of my old clothes
that i don't really wear anymore and
replacing them with some new ones so
without any further ado let me just show
you what I got from cotton on oh and i
forgot to mention all this stuff i got
forty percent off the reason that I even
ordered from cotton on was I got an
email about a friends and family sale so
yeah forty percent off already cheap
clothes awesome okay so the first thing
is a pair of sunglasses these are
tortoiseshell frames or just kind of
square and then they have gold sides
they're almost like a rose gold and then
just the tortoiseshell again on the back
I know in my last fall I had a pair of
sunglasses too but I don't know i always
buy cheap sunglasses and like three of
my old pairs broke recently so I thought
it would be good for a little bit of an
update so got these and even though
we're going into autumn I live in
Southern California so it's sunny like
freaking all the time so I'll definitely
use those when i'm driving a lot next
thing that I got is probably my favorite
item of clothing it is this giant
cardigan and it's kind of like a
cable-knit sort of pattern and it's
already an oversized sweater and i also
got it in the biggest size just because
i really like oversized like i don't
like when things say their oversized and
then they're actually like kind of
fitting so yeah I got this I absolutely
love the color it's perfect because I
usually just wear a ton of black and I
have a ton of black cardigans also so I
thought something like this would go
well with an all-black wardrobe and just
add if
really color it was gonna say add a bit
of color but add a bit of light to my
outfits oh I'm also going to tell you
the names these are called miss square
lady glasses just in case you're going
to look at the website and this is
called the Savannah cable car d next I
got this for five dollars only it was on
clearance and this is called the Monday
strappy swing dress and it's really
really cute I initially was drawn to it
because of the spaghetti straps as a lot
of you know I'm breastfeeding right now
so things like this are really easy to
pull down and then just put back up but
it's really comfortable just kind of
like medium charcoal gray dress I think
they had a black one too and now that i
got this a totally should have gotten a
black one I didn't know how flattering
it would I didn't know how flattering it
was going to be so I didn't want to get
both but it's really really awesome this
will be great for the weather we're
having right now which is still hot and
then during the fall just pair it with
tights boots the black cardigan possibly
a black scarf and ready to go next up
this was also five dollars this is
called the tell it to my heart it tank
and this one I'm kind of like on the
fence about only because I didn't know
that it was this material it's kind of
like a linen material which doesn't
stretch that much and I always like tops
that are stretchy just because this
region if it's not stretchy it's like
you know it doesn't really work but um
this one I think is wide enough like
it's very oversized width wise also that
I think it will work fine and then it
has the buttons down the front here so
yeah just a really good basic it's
slightly longer in the back than the
front and I still like it a lot it was
good to you for five bucks that's the
only black thing that i got in this
entire hall which is ridiculous because
like my wardrobe is all black everything
all the time with a little bit of gray
but here this is kind of like a gray
hall because literally everything except
that is great oh and sunglasses but that
is account
okay this next top is called the coolio
crop top and it's a gray color also and
it's just a basic kind of slouchy gray
crop top and it has a little V right
here I don't know what you call those
with a little like be stitching a little
bit longer in the back than the front
and yeah I like it perfect with
high-waisted black skinny jeans here is
another great item for you this is like
the perfect fall haul I think everything
is like gray and cloudy and everyone
thinks that's depressing but I love it
ok this is a playsuit rum / which I
usually am not really a fan of but I
don't know something about this it
called to me so it's just a basic um v
neck and the back tank on the top and
then elastic here and then just pocket
not pockets well it doesn't pocket
that's what I was going to say
afterwards just basic shorts with
pockets on the side so this is just
something that's really comfortable I
feel like because it's like just
stretchy and like normal jersey t-shirt
material really easy just to wear around
the house running errands just with a
pair of flats and I don't know I just
thought it was cute and last but not
least i got a pair of sweatpants which i
wore last night to sleep in because it's
finally getting cool at nighttime it's
just like a light gray with like a
little bit of dark grey blackanese spots
thrown in here and i really really it
like this the inside is super soft which
I'm sure will kind of fade away I better
wash it a bunch but anyway yeah i got
these because i love just like skinny
kind of sweats for sleeping in they have
like the cuffs at the bottom so they're
not like giant Bell botany sweats I
can't stand really big like baggy pajama
pants I like all of them to be skinny
even if it's at nighttime weird I know
oh and the last thing i got is this
shirt shoot i don't actually know what
the name of this one is but i will put
it here or here or somewhere around here
this is
of a crop top and black and white
stripes and then it's got the little
Chrissy crusty thing in the back so yeah
that is everything that I got from
cotton on not exactly a huge haul but
just some good basic pieces which are
always my favorite so I hope you guys
like this thank you so much for watching
and I will see you in my next video all
right take care